Let's start by answering the question,
why do we need secure networks?
As you've learned, networks are constantly
at risk of attack from malicious hackers.
Attackers can infiltrate networks via
malware, spoofing, or packet sniffing.
Network operations can also be disrupted
by attacks such as packet flooding.
As we go along,
you're going to learn about these and
other common network intrusion
attacks in more detail.
Protecting a network from these
types of attacks is important.
If even one of them happens, it could have
a catastrophic impact on an organization.
Attacks can harm an organization
by leaking valuable or
confidential information.
They can also be damaging to
an organization's reputation and
impact customer retention.
Mitigating attacks may also cost
the organization money and time.
Over the last few years,
there have been a number of examples
of damage that cyber attacks can cause.
One notorious example was an attack
against the American home-improvement
chain, Home Depot, in 2014.
A group of hackers compromised and
infected Home Depot servers with malware.
By the time network administrators shut
down the attack, the hackers had already
taken the credit and debit card
information for over 56 million customers.
Now, you know why it's so
important to secure a network.
But to keep a network secure,
you need to know what kinds of
attacks to protect it from.
Coming up, you'll learn about
some common network attacks.